When is breaking the rules? Okay? Course. Proper answer to that is never
you break the rules. Go around. The rules are there to protect you.
Protect the ship to 16. Okay, so the best thing about you, no one
to break the rules, will break the rules. Look at them, examined them,
study them and figure out the situation that we're far is a waiver.
That's your responsibility. That's not the team's responsible. It's
real responsibilities. A leader. You know, Skipper, It says we could
only take, you know, metric. It's when we're gonna refuel from
the British ships. Do I have metric? I probably should go get them.
How you getting all that? You need to read the book. So you know, when
the time comes that you do ask for a waiver. Well, you will have
done that in advance past four. It was pretty good. I figured that out